# cs50_final_project
  This is our final project for CS50. This project is an application for the web. It is an educational website and tests 3 of the 4 core subjects in the US, math, science, and world studies.
  It is a python and HTML-based project using flask. We also used javascript and jquery to analyze the results, with SQL databases for a list of questions and user statistics. We have a fake subscription plan, which requires a valid credit card number. We don't expect anyone to use their credit card number, and highly advise against it since this is an informal project. We used PayPal's test numbers to check if our credit-checking function worked properly. We created a singular database with a wide variety of questions for our science and world studies questions. For the math questions, we used user input paired with random numbers to create a variety of math problems.

  With the math problems, we took user input of maximum and minimum numbers and their preferred type of operation to be tested on. We then used python to create a page in which randomly generated numbers from within the range we were given were shown with the operator. Users would have to answer questions and once they clicked submit, we ran their answers through a jquery function, that checked whether their math was correct or not. We then displayed a table of results next to the questions with their time taken in seconds, average time per question, percentage correct, and correct number of answers, and simultaneously sent this data through AJAX to a python function which then stores this data in a table to recall when the user asks for past results.

  In the c